These are the design files for CERBERUS's 3 custom chips. The .jed files are the ones you should use to program each of CERBERUS's 3 CPLDs. The .PLD files are the gate-level hardware descriptions for the three CPLDs (these are the files you should modify and re-compile with the CUPL compiler if you want to change the custom ICs). Finally, the .fit files (which show how the compiler has fitted the designs into the available internal resources of the respective CPLDs) are provided just for illustration and reference, as the CUPL compiler automatically generates the .fit and .jed files from the corresponding .PLD files.

<b>Change history:</b>
<ul>
  <li><b>26 August 2021:</b> SPACER has been updated to fix a stability problem associated with the 65C02 CPU (the Z80 remains unaffected). In the previous release (R1.1, of 1 July 2021), if CAT toggled CPUGO at the same time as a clock transition of the 6502 clock, a race condition would arise between RDY6502 and BE6502, which could lead to unstable, incorrect behavior. This is now fixed in R1.2 (of 26 August 2021). Although rare and largely asymptomatic under the original version of CERBERUS's BIOS, triggering the issue will eventually happen if there is intense change of control between CAT and the 65C02 under upcoming versions of the BIOS. The file SPACER.PLD is extensively commented in the "CPU control logic" section to explain the change and how it works. It is recommended that all users and builders of CERBERUS 2080™ adopt R1.2 of SPACER.</li>
  <li><b>02 July 2021:</b> The tabulations of all three .PLD files have been re-formatted for better readability. The buried logic nodes are now left unassigned to pins in CAVIA.PLD and SKUNK.PLD as well, not only in SPACER.PLD. This way, the CUPL compiler makes the assignments automatically. The functionality didn't change at all, but the .PLD files are now easier to interpret.</li>
</ul>
